see what she do hi I'm Michael and I'm
Pete and we've created crankin and this
is our flagship product drum tutor for
for all the drummer's out there and
Pete's going to show us exactly how it's
done yeah hi this is a curtain there are
eight loves model and we are in
production for a ten mug and a 12 look
and this one as you can see the drum to
your slides back and forth which will
let it accommodate a 12-inch to a
14-inch drum so here's how it works we
just kind of set it down here and
roughly align the tuning peg once you
get it close you can kind of crank it
and it'll sort of seat in place you
could just push it down now you're ready
to take your drum pedal and while it's
doing that cranking it yes I'm a pro
drummer and I still use this on occasion
but the reason why I don't use it now is
because we've invented this and instead
of doing this each individually now does
it all at once and it cuts down the
tuning time to attend that the time it
takes now you know drummers using this
looks like I'm getting close here the
yeah yeah nice and loose so pull that
off now my lovely assistant Mike hi will
help me I put that bag knowledge okay so
when you put it back on you just kind of
roughly align the two pegs just make
sure they're seated don't necessarily
need to screw them down in but you can
and it's basically just repeating the
process there we go now it's time to put
it back on and while Pete's doin lives
hmm the beauty of this is that it's got
a torque mechanism in here such that
when you get to the desire it's fine
tuning range then all these start
cooking which movie stops turning it and
we've achieved the perfect torque which
means that your drum is going to sound
the right just about there you can all
tuned up while ah okay and don't forget
to check us out at crank it music gear
calm yes I'm